doc_source/index.md, before:

# AWS Pricing Calculator User Guide

-----
*****Copyright &copy; 2020 Amazon Web Services, Inc. and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.*****

-----
Amazon's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in 
     connection with any product or service that is not Amazon's, 
     in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, 
     or in any manner that disparages or discredits Amazon. All other 
     trademarks not owned by Amazon are the property of their respective
     owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or 
     sponsored by Amazon.

-----
## Contents
+ [What Is AWS Pricing Calculator?](what-is-pricing-calculator.md)
+ [Getting Started](getting-started.md)
+ [Generating Your Estimate](generate-your-estimate.md)
   + [Reading an Estimate](reading-estimate.md)
   + [Best Practices for Generating Estimates](estimate-best-practices.md)
   + [Using Groups](estimate-groups.md)
   + [Generating Amazon EC2 Estimates](ec2-estimates.md)
      + [Quick Estimates](quick-estimate.md)
      + [Advanced Estimates](advanced-estimate.md)
+ [Saving and Sharing Your Estimate](save-share-estimate.md)
+ [Exporting Estimates](export-estimate.md)
+ [Resources](resources.md)
+ [Document History for User Guide](doc-history.md)
+ [AWS Glossary](glossary.md)

Commit message:

periodic update - 02/10/2020; added new security chapter

doc_source/index.md, after:

# AWS Pricing Calculator User Guide

-----
*****Copyright &copy; 2020 Amazon Web Services, Inc. and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.*****

-----
Amazon's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in 
     connection with any product or service that is not Amazon's, 
     in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, 
     or in any manner that disparages or discredits Amazon. All other 
     trademarks not owned by Amazon are the property of their respective
     owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or 
     sponsored by Amazon.

-----
## Contents
+ [What Is AWS Pricing Calculator?](what-is-pricing-calculator.md)
+ [Getting Started](getting-started.md)
+ [Generating Your Estimate](generate-your-estimate.md)
   + [Reading an Estimate](reading-estimate.md)
   + [Best Practices for Generating Estimates](estimate-best-practices.md)
   + [Using Groups](estimate-groups.md)
   + [Generating Amazon EC2 Estimates](ec2-estimates.md)
      + [Quick Estimates](quick-estimate.md)
      + [Advanced Estimates](advanced-estimate.md)
+ [Saving and Sharing Your Estimate](save-share-estimate.md)
+ [Exporting Estimates](export-estimate.md)
+ [Security in AWS Pricing Calculator](security.md)
   + [Data Protection in AWS Pricing Calculator](data-protection.md)
   + [Compliance Validation for AWS Pricing Calculator](SERVICENAME-compliance.md)
+ [Resources](resources.md)
+ [Document History for User Guide](doc-history.md)
+ [AWS Glossary](glossary.md)
